 I just bought this luxurious private jet and if this pilot can spend a hundred days trapped inside he keeps it. No joke I spent two and a half a million dollars on this private jet and once you step inside the hundred days will be a... Oh my god. And now that our one of this one hundred day challenge has started. I say we take things off by taking it for a spin. Let's go. Let's take it for a spin. We're about to find out if these are real pilots. What do you mean? Woohoo! If Armando stays on display for the next 100 days it will forever be his to fly anywhere he wants all around the world. 100 days living in this thing? No problem. That was a smooth ride. This thing is nice. Let's see if the landing smooth. What a great fly. That was awesome. You're now two hours into your 100 day challenge. But if any part of your body touches the ground outside this plane, the video ends and you lose this private jet. Don't touch the ground. Good luck. See you when I see you. Let's see if Armando can win this private jet. What do I do now? This is my usual office and here is the dining room. And allow me to show you the bedroom. This is where I will sleep, apparently, for the next three months. I don't have a real kitchen. Got a microwave and a airline cart full of canned meats. I don't have a shower. That's going to be a challenging part. And he is not wrong because even though this jet is a world-class vehicle, it's not built for a person to live it. So over the next 100 days, it is going to get a lot more difficult. The walls are starting to cave in. This is what prison is like. Maybe I'm hallucinating. Sun, sun, night, you happy? I miss a lot of them. But that's not good. We're falling out of this guy. I am ready to be done with this. It's night one. I don't have a bed. The best option might be the chair. Good night. This is going to be my own private jet. It is day two. You would think this is a comfortable jet? It is not that comfortable to sleep in. It's day two. Look better way to kickstart this video than to use this private jet for our personal games. Yeah! Me and the boys got to thinking. You want to fly us to a hockey game in New York? Let's do it. You can come, bro. We got you a ticket. This is not a trick. If you get off the plane, you lose. But you can still go to the game. Wow, ill fit. And take us to the hockey game he did. But once we did live, thanks for the flight. I wish I was going to a hockey game. I just had to stay inside. What are we going to do right now? Play me yoga? Yeah. Using the jet just to go to a hockey game was so fun that the next day the boys and I had another trip in mind. Do you mind taking us to Miami, Florida? 100%. And that's the beauty of owning this private jet because we can literally fly wherever we want. All right, team. Welcome to Miami. Let's go have fun, boys. Say you lay it up. I love the fact that they are using the jet. I wish I could talk to my wife and my daughter. I missed them so much. But I still got 96 days of this challenge to go. I hope I can make it. This is my first day just hanging out in the hangar. I got to get in a routine. And so over the next few days, Armando would exercise. Grab walk. Oh, that's more work than I thought it was going to be. Make his feels in the microwave. Make vegetables for the morning. Lean himself with how to shower. The only way I have to clean myself is with dude wipes. Make sure we're clean. Use the goodies. And try to find any place to sleep. My bed is a bust. I'm going to really messed up my neck. This is the only place in this airplane that I can fully stretch out. But even that wasn't enough to make Armando comfortable. I cannot stare at these four walls. We got to fly this airplane. And the following morning, that's exactly what he did. Never have I gotten the keys to a jet. Wherever I want. We're going to Niagara Falls. Gonna go see them from the air. That is so awesome. Tell me that's not the coolest thing you've ever seen. We are at 4,000 feet. No jets ever get to do this. Hawker is a two pilot airplane. Got great co-captains here with me. The best stuff is in the world. It is the best office. But unlike Armando, his co-pilot can actually leave the private jet. The end of my universe is right there. And even though he couldn't leave those steps, come day 10. I devised a little loophole to change that. Ah! Dammit! Did you even stop the door? No. I've been like the last 10 days. Jimmy, there's no shower. No bed. There's no real kitchen. Overall, pretty good. That's not where I thought he was heading with that sentence. But I may just have a solution for you. Every 10 days, I'm going to present you an offer on this private jet. And your day 10 offer is a choice. You can choose between receiving these coordinates. Which will lead you to a runway with $50,000 in cash on it. Or, alpha, bring in the goods. I hook up a shower to your private jet. And before you make your decision, I feel like I should at least let you see the shower. And because it would obviously be an extension of your jet, you will not be eliminated if you enter that room. Woo! That's like a real shower. And even though you don't need it, it comes with shampoo. Yeah. It's not only that it's a shower. This is space. I can stand up. This is amazing. It's time to make a decision. A shower for 90 days, or $50,000 in cash, which do you want? Shower for 90 days would be great. I'm going for the cash. Whoa! What? Oh my gosh! I'm meant to fly. The airplane's meant to fly. Let's take it. I can't believe he said no to the shower. Have fun retrieving a 50 grand. I can't wait. And now that I think about it, with this specific pilot, I guess shampoo wasn't really an enticing offer after all. Someone is going to meet us at these coordinates with $50,000 in cash. Which, on top of his $2.5 million jet, could potentially make Armando the highest paid winner in the history of the Mr. Peish channel. Ha-ha! $50,000 for not showering. Go Brainer! My biggest problem tonight is where am I going to put $50,000. So now I can actually take my family places. I can go to sleep with the sweet smell of money tonight. My weirdest task of this challenge so far is how to reorganize all this cash into as few cases as possible so they don't take up room in my airplane. I feel like the wolf will fall straight. I might just sleep on money. 50 grand might have helped his bed situation, but it created a whole new problem in Armando's head. On earth would I do with this thing if I actually got the keys to it? Do I sell it? Would I keep it? Owning this shed would be a dream come true for a pilot like Armando, but there's one huge problem. I just did a little bit of math after the challenge. If I own this airplane for three months, that's going to be $8,000 for a hangar. $10,000 in insurance. $30,000 in maintenance. Obviously, the cost of owning a private jet can really add up. Which is why throughout this video, he has a chance to win up to an extra million dollars. On top of this $2.5 million in prices at money. So if he doesn't win, he can actually afford to keep it and make his family's dreams come true. I can't help but picture my family and friends in this airplane having just the best time going to some destination. I can picture it. Looks like I'm going to have to win a lot more money from Jimmy. I can't help but think that military service helped me prepare for this. I always started with being excited and being happy to be there. Then you get into your groove and then you hate your life and all your life choices. And then you start seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. It's the fortnight. Two weeks into this challenge, and Armando is trying to remain optimistic. That's a great meal. I'm getting myself to a feastable. This is how I'm keeping track of all my chores. Here's the things that I haven't done today. I just moved them over and the day goes long. But even with a good attitude, he still might not make it 100 days because of his horrible sleep situation. I can't figure out how to sleep without something hurting. There goes down and up and down and up is the first day that my body is not happy with me. My workout was weak, stomach deals icky. I know that I got a great night's sleep. I tried to catch again last night. It was a miserable failure. I admit it one. That's all I'm feeling today. I'm really curious. What he's going to offer tomorrow, but I need a bed. I had the perfect offer for Armando. But since I was feeling a video where I was giving away a million meals, he had to come to me. I said thank him for the flight. I brought Armando a special meal of his own. Since we're in Philadelphia, we got you some filling cheese. Go along with the flights at Arkana. 48 minutes. That's it? The private jet is awesome. Tomorrow is day 20. Time flies. Alright, let's go. Normally, my offer would come on day 20. But in order to fully appreciate it, I'm giving Armando the opportunity to sleep on it. Your day 20 offer is this custom made inflatable bed specifically for this plane. Or... I give you coordinates to make a mystery crate hidden somewhere across the world. And hidden inside that crate could be anything. Could be a quarter of a million dollars. Could be a Tesla. It could be worth more than the jet itself. Oh, man. I'll see you tomorrow for your decision. And so I left Armando for the night, thinking he would try out the bed. But I didn't expect him to share his bed with a cheese steak sandwich. He must really need some sleep. That was the first night that I have slept comfortably on this airplane. Let's see if he chooses this inflatable bed. Or the mystery gift, which is actually worth $250,000. Knock, knock! Is anyone in here? Come in! Welcome aboard! It's day 20! Yay! Please come into my living room, dining room, and bedroom. Be honest. How was the night's sleep? It was like sleeping on a little baby clothes. Do you think having this bed increases the probability you make it 100 days? I know with this, my body can make it 100 days. On the other side, though, at a random set of coordinates hidden anywhere on this planet, is the mystery box. This is something I can feel right now. I can't fly this airplane without getting a good night's sleep. Would you prefer this inflatable bed or the magnificent ginormous mystery gift? A minute for the long run. I am going to choose the bed to make it 100 days. Really? The mystery gift? Was it Lamborghini? Really? Yeah. Oh. Don't dream of Lamborghini tonight! Yeah, I'll count them in my sleep. Can't believe he just turned that down. Oh, he declined the Lamborghini. Okay. What? What? What? Ugh. Turned down on Lamborghini. Whatever. It's cool. I got a bed. This is going to be a game changer. With this, my body can make it another 80 days. Thanks to the bed, Armando is thriving. Bro, I feel like my eye is on the final prize, which is owning this jet. I want to learn about my airplane. Only about 2000 pages. But this is still an endurance challenge. And it's about to get way more difficult. Beautiful day to fly. Armando, how you doing? I would love to take the airplane somewhere. Interesting. But what if I told you for the rest of this challenge? You can't fly unless I say so. But you'll need to keep practicing. Because later in this video, you'll face the greatest challenge in your piloting career. So I'd start practicing if I were you. Good luck. I can't wait. Let's do this. I practice in here, putting in the routes. I take off speed, climb speeds, emergency speeds, performance numbers. Just part of professional flying. This morning I woke up and I started dreaming about all my dream places that I want to go. And while these practice flights may have been a great way to spend his time, Armando couldn't resist making it all about food. New Orleans is one of those places that I want to go to. Real food and some bing-aise. There's a lot of good cuisine. Charleston, seafood. I am very much partial to New York pizza. I find a key west. Cuban sandwich and some empanadas. Well, barbecue today. And it's no wonder he's fantasizing about food. When this is what he's been eating for almost a month now. I will not lie. It smells like cat food for 100 days. No one said this challenge was going to be easy. It's been 30 days since he started living in this plane. We have a very special offer. Armando! Hi guys. Come on down. Do you recognize this? I do. It's a galley cart full of food. The exact same food you've been eating the last 30 days. Since you only have 24 hours of food left, I brought you enough food to resupply you till the end of the video. Okay. But before we restock your jet with enough food for the next 70 days, I have an offer for you. Okay. You can turn down the canned chicken and tuna that you've been eating in exchange for a phone that has door dash installed that you can use with ever to order whatever you want. Obviously the phone only has the door dash app, no call or text. But the catch is if you choose door dash, you have to let whatever is in this mystery box live with you in the jet for 24 hours. That's an entire day, sharing this tiny space with something horrible. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Things are breathing in there, yeah. Well, I did do 22 years in the military. I feel like I could probably handle myself. I don't know if this is going to surprise anybody, but I'm going to pick the door dash. Really? Yeah. And you open this, whatever is inside of here is stuck with you for the next 24 hours. 24 hours. I hear you give it a bang test. No, harder. Just snakeskin violent when you do that. Three. Oh my god. Two. One. Open. Open it. You're stuck with Nolan. Have fun Nolan. Try not to annoy him too much. Why would I ever be annoying? I'm super excited about this. I have not had like human interaction really. Armando hasn't had much personal connections over the last 30 days, and Nolan hasn't had me in 26 years. What if I just started smashing things? I'm not press buttons. I did you go. I'm on no stop letting you press buttons. I'm so distracted. Dude, I can't, I can't, I need to leave. No Nolan in the cockpit. Oh my god, I'm so excited about this. Ooh, tacos. I guess if you're starving for attention in gourmet food. Norda. That smells amazing. This isn't the worst punishment. I don't know why you've been complaining about the food. This guy. Way better than Ken Chagan. I feel like it's gonna be a fun night. Let's see who the real pilot is. Oh man. I am the pilot now. She didn't say what you could order, or how much money you could spend on Norda. I just wanted tacos. Tacos and we're gonna buy a lot of things from a lot of stores. So the next day when I returned, I was in for a pretty big surprise. Nolan. What the heck? Come check it out. I had no idea, but Nolan and Armando had used Dorda, to order so much insane stuff just to decorate the jet. All this was available on Dorda? Yeah. This is cool at all. I kind of needed the jet to fly me today. Are you saying we gotta get rid of the tree inside? I'm saying we gotta get rid of everything. Armando, we gotta take some stuff off. We had to clean out the plane so it'd be safe to fly. But it was worth it. Since where I was going, we were about to make a much bigger mess while shooting another video. While we were blowing up stuff, Nolan and Armando were still back in the jet. Now that Jimmy's gone, we have a couple hours. We do. I think we fly somewhere. Okay. It's a beautiful flight down the Florida today. I'm down for that. And they actually did fly down to the Florida Keys. Which I just found out when I watched this video. Literally right now. That's the end of my 24-hour period on the jet. Shut it! Thank you for flying me to the Florida Keys. Get out of here. And he did get out of here. I'll bring souvenirs for the entire day. When they flew back to Georgia to pick us up, I had no idea that they had ever left. 45 minutes home, let's go. Now that Armando was alone in the hangar, the very first thing he did was bust out DoorDash. To order more food. I could have almost anything. I'm going to do some bow buttons for dinner. This is going to be so much better than Cantuna. I'm ordering pasta. This is going to be a good one. I can eat fresh fruit and vegetables whenever I want. But soon Armando started using the app for more than just food. Love it, love it, love it, cleaning supplies. This is a vacuum cleaner! Oh yes, this is amazing. You can order almost anything. I get some resistant spans. Having DoorDash has been a game changer. I finally feel like I've nested. I've made this place my home. I feel at peace. But Armando soon realized that there's one thing you just can't DoorDash. I would love the chance to take this airplane all the way across the world with my family. I have a lot of great adventures. I've been to 70 countries. Climb Kilimanjaro, race motorcycles, flown all kinds of airplanes and met some of the best people in the world. I want to take my beautiful wife and daughter with me all around the world in this private jet. Probably the biggest thing now that I have a bed in DoorDash and I can order anything. I'm still alone. When Jimmy and the team come on board and we get to go somewhere, those are the only times that I really get to have fun in here. It made sense that he was getting lonely. You see, every video where a contestant stays for a long time, eventually, the isolation starts to eat at them. And that's why when Armando had finally made it 40 days on a private jet, I wanted him to have some company. But, I was deep in the jungle exploring ancient temples, so I sent Carl and Chandler to help cheer him up. We have a really cool offer for you. A vacation with me and Chandler for $50,000. Yeah. I don't think so. Oh. $25,000. No. $10,000. I don't think so. All right, how about a dollar for one dollar? To deal. To deal with it. Here's your shirt. Welcome. All right. Where are we going, fellas? Let's open up the board. Check it out. This is anti-climactic. Woo! You're going to have the time of your life. Don't worry. It's a strong guy. Yeah. It's a little fruit flatter. Yeah! I'm not even thinking, you're thinking, how can this vacation get better? Let's open the door. Projector system? I love that. That's the only. This night. It would have been worth $50,000. I had a great time. I feel like I'm recovering from a party. A lot of times the day after a check-in is the hardest because on check-in days you have a lot of activity. You get to see people. You get to talk to people. Today I'm kind of coming down from all that. Just here by myself with my thoughts. This stretch is a test. No flying, staring at the walls. I don't think this challenge is going to get easy. The biggest thing is going to be keeping my mind busy. So I came up with a routine. I sit up on the flight deck every day and I practice a flight all day long. Check list complete. But Armando found that indulging in flights of fancy only caused him to think about what he was really missing. I just little doll of my daughter everywhere I go even if there's turbulence. She's just happy and dancing. I wonder if she misses me. This morning I woke up just thinking about like family. Like I missed them. I want to go see them. I just want to cuddle with my wife. My weak boy is my family. They deserve to know how I'm doing. I just want to hug. I'll take a hug. Coming up on halfway through the challenge, almost day 50. I regret not being there for my family. I cannot believe that I have not stepped foot off this airplane. It's day 50. Let's see how our boys doing. Armando! I thought you forgot about me. No, how's it going? Oh my gosh. How's the first 50 days of the challenge been? I don't know what's going on in the outside world. I haven't seen anybody but you guys. I missed my family. This is the longest I've ever gone without seeing them, without talking to them. What if we made a phone call? Ooh. I would love a phone call. Oh my gosh. I'm already tearing up. Babe. Babe. Babe. Oh my God, I miss you. Oh my miss you so much, baby. Oh. Your husband is now halfway done with the jet challenge. You know, if he potentially flew into your airport, would you eat him there and hang out with him tonight? 100 percent, yes. I'm all like. I have to have this airplane ready. As soon as I see them, I need to make sure I do not run off the airplane. I cannot wait for that first hug. I better be a marching band when we pull in. This is going to be a tear jerker. Maddie, look. I see you in the wind. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I just can't wait for my kid to run into my arms. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Babe. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Welcome home. Welcome to my house. Hi. I have been charged since the day I left the house. Oh, this is so cute. You know, just having a little jet picnic. It was clear that seeing his family gave Armando a much needed boost of energy. And he savored every moment he could. Look at him believe in him. But unfortunately, these moments are always fleeting. It's a little surreal to be back in the hangar after having a day with my family. Now they're just like forefront in my mind for the next 50 days. That could make it harder to make it the rest of the challenge. But being away from his family wasn't the only thing weighing on Armando. The walls are starting to cave in a little bit. It's starting to feel real tight in here. A little claustrophobic. Come on. Ow. Oh god. Lee. Not a whole lot of room in a private jet. This is what prison is like. There's only four more offers before day 100. I think Jimmy's going to make me an offer between extra space or maybe some extra money. Extra space. Now it would be really nice, but I'd have to think about it because I need like over $100,000 just to fly it in housing. How's it going? It's always good to see you. Can I have you at the door, sir? Absolutely. What do you think the offer is? I think it's going to be space-related. Not space. Like we're going to take this to space. Yeah. I think you're going to offer me more space. That is correct. For day 60. Carl, bring it on in. Come in. Hello. Wow. I am offering you an entire gym. Trampoline. Oh, man. Everything you could possibly need is on this platform. Holy moly. Come on over, yeah. Well, don't fall. Wow. How does it feel to be standing outside of the jet? It actually feels amazing. This is designed like the jet. It is currently touching the jet, so it is a part of the jet. I could sleep out here. You could open the door and get fresh air out here. Oh, my gosh. And you can have all of this for the measly price of $50,000. $50,000? The same $50,000 you won on day 10. That same money you've been saying you need to maintain this jet. The only thing I needed was space. But for $50,000. The only thing I need is a yes or a no. I like them. That's good. $50,000. Coming back to me, or $50,000 staying in your pocket. But you're trapped in a jet. $10,000. $9,000. $8,000. $7,000. $6,000. We need an answer. $5,000. I'll take this space. Whoa! Really? No tasty boxes. This race is now yours. But before you enjoy it, I kind of need a flight to New York. I've got a New York. Before you can enjoy his new space, Armando had to fly me and my fiancee Tia to the biggest indoor ski slope in America. Oh! And then Florida, for a private dinner by Chef Gordon Ramsay. Thanks for waiting. Absolutely. Let's get back home. Let's go home. But now, it was finally time for Armando to try his new space. I'm actually getting to spend some time in what I'm calling the yard. This is amazing. Look at my kingdom. I just sit out here, have coffee. The extra room also made his workouts much easier. I was struggling to walk a mile per day. I just walked three and a half miles an hour. I'm focusing on my mind, my body, and getting to 100. It's basically like having a playground attached to the airplane. It's a feastable kind of day. It is actually like an upscale European chocolate. It tastes really great. Feastable chocolate is made with simple high-quality ingredients. And, ethically sourced, go get feastables at Walmart right now and help us in child labor in the chocolate industry by eating feastables. Armando was so happy about his new space that he was spending almost all his time out there. I can't wait to see what Jimmy has for tomorrow. But what Armando didn't know was that I wasn't going to visit on day 70 because when I checked in and saw how much better Armando was doing. I worried we might have made things a little too easy. Haven't heard from Jimmy. Haven't had a check-in. Day 71. Hours and hours going by. It's day 72. No check-in from Jimmy. It's 73. Haven't heard from Jimmy. It's day 74. Starting to think he forgot about me. When I started this challenge, I thought the challenge was going to be flying all over the country. However, it's not. And even though the yard had improved Armando's quality of life, it couldn't give him what he needed the most. Connection. Imagine being by yourself and not talking to anybody for a hundred days. That's probably the biggest challenge. It's just the isolation. Goodbye fellow hawker jet. I wish I was you flying away. I don't know what Jimmy's going to offer me. I just hope it involves flying. It's day 80! Sorry, Miss Day 70. I was taking my fiance on dates. Hi guys. In 20 days, assuming you don't touch the floor, you'll be a free man with a $2.5 million jet. I can't wait. Dream flights with my family, with my friends. Those dream flights probably cost money. You know, a few on a PJs expensive. For day 80, would you like a chance to win some money? Are you offering? Give me one second. You guys just talk to him. We don't know it. For your day 80 offer, I have ten cards. And remember on day 30, where you got the Door Dash Phone? Yes, I do. We're about to put it to good use. Because on each of these ten cards, they're a coordinate to airport scattered across the entire country. You must fly this jet to each city. And when you get there, order an item on Door Dash. No matter what obstacles you run into, you must collect all ten items and be back in North Carolina by day 90. And if you can, me and Door Dash will give you $50,000 in cash. Oh, airport number one's in Ohio. Good luck. I was worried about how am I going to fly this airplane once I win it. So this money is the difference between making everyone's dreams come true or letting everyone down. It gave me ten days to get ten items. We have planned eight days to get ten items. Because losing this challenge is not an option. I'm at Cleveland. I got a Door Dash power bank. First item, Cleveland power bank, order complete. Armando, spent the night in Cleveland, decided to play the hit for his stop in Charlotte. I know exactly what airport I'm going to. I know what address I know what time I'm going to be there. With Door Dash and Dash Pass, I can schedule a delivery. And I am getting item number two in Charlotte. Pretty cool. To be coming home to Charlotte. Here you go, sir. Thank you very much. Next stop, Providence, Rhode Island. I totally got this. Armando is gaining confidence. And he knocked out the next three deliveries. That $50,000. Good as mine. And then this happened. Oh, what's that? Oh, well, that's not good. It's falling apart. All right, we're taking her down. And due to maintenance, Armando was forced to spend the night in Denver. These little maintenance issues are starting to come up. One of our main gear struts was low. Luckily, we found a mechanic to come out and take care of it. We're headed to Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Yellowstone National Park to pick up a poor game. Armando thought that the obstacles were behind him. But the issue wasn't maintenance anymore. It was weather. It's supposed to go to Portland, Oregon. The weather's not looking great. I think we're going to divert Idaho. I am losing one of my 10 days to weather. There is $50,000 on the line. I can't lose another day. This is what it is. All right, we just took off from Drake's Idaho. Now I headed to Portland, Oregon to pick up championing a sunsoaked. I have acquired seven of the 10 items on the scavenger hunt all over the country. I've got three left with only three days to go. I have absolutely zero margin for error right now. How does it make me? I need money to operate this thing once I win. It looks like I'm going to get back to Jimmy on day 10. I just landed in Tampa, Florida. This is my last item, a Bluetooth speaker. I just ordered it and it's going to be here in 15 minutes. This is my last item. This is $50,000. Thank you very much. 10 items, 10 cities, last one, Tampa, Florida. It is day 10 and we're headed back to the home hangar. Only 10 more days until this jet is mine. That's pretty awesome. Armando! Get me! You just won $50,000! Get it to a boys! I throw the items in here, camping utensils. I have no idea what you meant by that. And not only did DoorDash give him $50,000, but they're also giving the chance for 10 of you to win $10,000. For scanning this QR code and signing up for DoorDash right now. If you don't have DoorDash on your phone, you're literally living life on hard mode. It's super easy and while you're at it, you might as well sign up for dashpash for exclusive deals and discount. Scan the QR code down and down. Thank you, DoorDash. Back to this challenge, though. On day 100, obviously, you'll win this $2.5 million jet. A bunch of money will be great, but at the same time, I'm also going to offer you enough money so that you can fly this jet as much as you want, but in order to win it, you'll have to compete in another 100 day video on this jet. Another 100 days on this plane for $1,000,000. I don't know how I feel about that. Okay, luckily you'll have 10 days to think about it. On day 100, we'll like keep going for another 100 days for a half a million dollars. I don't know, big decision. Armando survived the first 90 days on this jet, but the decision to possibly remain another 100 days became more difficult, the more he thought about it. I've got pretty much everything that I need. I've got decorations, I've got a bed. Getting DoorDash was a game changer. I missed my family, but I don't have to worry about them because they've got a really good support network. If I had taken all of Jimmy's offers, I would have $100,000, a Lamborghini, and a private jet, but $1,000,000,000, that pays for everything. That was almost at the end of this. I were to sell it. I get $2.5 million for this jet, but getting another $1,500,000 for another 100 days, I could actually keep the jet for longer than a couple months and fly it. It's all the places I want to go. Maybe around the world? Italy, Croatia. 100 days. Take the jet. Martha's been here. My aunt. Could stay. Next to 100 days for half a million dollars. A lot of money. Do I need it? I don't know. My big game changer. Mexico City. Buenos Aires, San Dio, and Japan. Another 100 days for half a million dollars. Another 100 days from your family. Another 100 days on this plane for half a million dollars. It is the morning of day 100. Still haven't made my decision. It's day 100. How you feel it? I made it. There's still technically 10 minutes left. Don't step off. Can we spend the last few minutes in the cockpit? Let's do it. Yeah, I just realized I've never actually sat in the cockpit. All right. Welcome to the business end of the private jet. Do you remember what I asked you on day 90? I do. I've thought about it a lot. Good. But before you tell me your choice. Bring them out, Tariq. Come on, baby. We did this. I thought it was so beautiful. Oh my goodness. Here's the thing. Your family has no idea about the second offer. The next 100 days for $500,000. I heard $500,000 just now. Enough money. Where you can fly this wherever you want. Whenever you want. You can fly them around. No. Yeah, they're sorry. They're yelling at you. No, say no. Whatever it is, say no. Oh, she heard us. She said whatever it is, no. I've been through enough. Okay, well, that might make it a little harder on you. Armando, I need you to come to the back. He better not stay on that jet. Yes or no. Do you want to do another 100 days? I... If Armando steps off this jet right now, he'll end the video and walk away with the largest prize we've ever given away on this channel. But if he stays on, he's signing up to be in a new video where who can peep for an additional $500,000. The past 100 days. I've all come down to this. Final decision. This is the deed to the private jet. It's officially in your family's name. We don't have private jet! Where are we going? Orlando. Orlando! Turn on notifications so you don't miss a video ever again. I hope you enjoyed. Thank you.